Added new marimo notebook mention (#35)
haddocking/haddock3-user-manual: src/tutorials.md

The list of tutorials is available from our [BonvinLab website -> education -> haddock3 -> tutorials](https://www.bonvinlab.org/education/HADDOCK3/)

> We have now also added a Jupyter notebooks directory to the source code. The Jupter notebooks can be directly started on Google Colab or on your own resource. Visit the [haddock3 repository](https://github.com/haddocking/haddock3/tree/main/notebooks) for instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have now also added a Jupyter notebook directory to the source code. The Jupyter notebooks can be directly started on Google Colab or on your own resources. Visit the [haddock3 repository](https://github.com/haddocking/haddock3/tree/main/notebooks) for instructions.
```

> Another notobook, `HADDOCK3-interface-analysis.py` based on [marimo](https://marimo.io) is provided that allows to upload a complex and analyse the interface of the complex.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another notebook, `HADDOCK3-interface-analysis.py` based on [marimo](https://marimo.io) is provided that allows to upload a complex and analyse the interface of the complex.
```
